Directory :: train/beat3/

beat3_01.txt Most Likely Sequence :: beat4
beat3_02.txt Most Likely Sequence :: beat3
beat3_03.txt Most Likely Sequence :: beat3
beat3_06.txt Most Likely Sequence :: beat3
beat3_08.txt Most Likely Sequence :: beat3


>> tester
Directory :: train/beat4/

beat4_01.txt Most Likely Sequence :: beat4
beat4_03.txt Most Likely Sequence :: beat4
beat4_05.txt Most Likely Sequence :: beat4
beat4_08.txt Most Likely Sequence :: beat4
beat4_09.txt Most Likely Sequence :: beat4


>> tester
Directory :: train/circle/

circle12.txt Most Likely Sequence :: circle
circle13.txt Most Likely Sequence :: circle
circle14.txt Most Likely Sequence :: circle
circle17.txt Most Likely Sequence :: circle
circle18.txt Most Likely Sequence :: circle


>> tester
Directory :: train/wave/

wave01.txt Most Likely Sequence :: wave
wave02.txt Most Likely Sequence :: wave
wave03.txt Most Likely Sequence :: wave
wave05.txt Most Likely Sequence :: wave
wave07.txt Most Likely Sequence :: wave


>> tester
Directory :: train/eight/

eight01.txt Most Likely Sequence :: eight
eight02.txt Most Likely Sequence :: eight
eight04.txt Most Likely Sequence :: eight
eight07.txt Most Likely Sequence :: eight
eight08.txt Most Likely Sequence :: eight


>> tester
Directory :: train/inf/

inf11.txt Most Likely Sequence :: inf
inf112.txt Most Likely Sequence :: inf
inf13.txt Most Likely Sequence :: inf
inf16.txt Most Likely Sequence :: eight
inf18.txt Most Likely Sequence :: inf
